README.md, before:

## Sablier Subgraph

The Graph is a tool that helps dapps index their blockchain data so that users don't have to wait hours or more for the
website to load.

This is our subgraph, a collection of schemas and event handlers that
parse the data broadcast on the Ethereum blockchain to GraphQL form.

Our smart contracts can be found in the [Sablier monorepo](https://github.com/sablierhq/sablier).

## Queries

### Querying All Streams

```graphql
{
  streams {
    id
    cancellation {
      recipientBalance
      recipientInterest
      timestamp
      txhash
    }
    deposit
    exchangeRateInitial
    ratePerSecond
    recipient
    recipientSharePercentage
    sender
    senderSharePercentage
    startTime
    stopTime
    timestamp
    token {
      id
      decimals
      name
      symbol
    }
    txs {
      id
      block
      event
      from
      timestamp
      to
    }
    withdrawals {
      id
      amount
    }
  }
}
```

### Querying All Transactions

```graphql
{
  transactions {
    id
    block
    event
    from
    stream {
      id
    }
    timestamp
    to
  }
}
```

Commit message:

docs: add warning in README

README.md, after:

## Warning :warning:

This branch is stale. Now, we're dynamically generating the `subgraph.yaml` file with [handlebars.js](https://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js/). See the [master](https://github.com/sablierhq/sablier-subgraph/tree/master) branch.

## Sablier Subgraph

The Graph is a tool that helps dapps index their blockchain data so that users don't have to wait hours or more for the
website to load.

This is our subgraph, a collection of schemas and event handlers that
parse the data broadcast on the Ethereum blockchain to GraphQL form.

Our smart contracts can be found in the [Sablier monorepo](https://github.com/sablierhq/sablier).

## Queries

### Querying All Streams

```graphql
{
  streams {
    id
    cancellation {
      recipientBalance
      recipientInterest
      timestamp
      txhash
    }
    deposit
    exchangeRateInitial
    ratePerSecond
    recipient
    recipientSharePercentage
    sender
    senderSharePercentage
    startTime
    stopTime
    timestamp
    token {
      id
      decimals
      name
      symbol
    }
    txs {
      id
      block
      event
      from
      timestamp
      to
    }
    withdrawals {
      id
      amount
    }
  }
}
```

### Querying All Transactions

```graphql
{
  transactions {
    id
    block
    event
    from
    stream {
      id
    }
    timestamp
    to
  }
}
```
